Readme.md, before:

# Make Index for [Smeagol-Wiki](https://github.com/AustinWise/smeagol)

Got a nice directory tree full of markdown files you want Smeagol-Wiki to use? Want them indexed without having to do it yourself? This is the program for you.

## To Use:

```bash
$ ./make_index [root of your smeagol-wiki directory tree]
```

This will recursively dive your Smeagol-Wiki directory tree and create Index.md files in each directory.

## Features:

make_index is multithreaded, using Go's goroutines function. Depending on the size of your directory tree, this may speed things up dramatically.

make_index will refrain from clobbering user-generated Index.md files, or in fact any Index.md file which does not contain the YAML tag: AUTOGEN.

make_index understands the following filetypes:

- Markdown files, with the extention .md

- Directories

- Jpeg, Gif, and PNG files with the extensions .jpg .gif or .png

It will ignore any other files it finds.

## Idiosyncracies:

- make_index is very, very chatty. It's also multithreaded, so the log output may make no sense at all.

- make_index will choke on any filename with spaces in it. I've found the Linux command "detox" prior to running make_index solves this in a suitably automatic fashion.

- make_index will ignore any directory or file whose name is not capitalized. This is so your wiki can have other stuff, like the smeagol.toml file, or perhaps even a code directory, and not have those directories indexed.

- When make_index indexes your image directory, it will put an anchor link rather than an image link to any image that begins with nsfw_ . There are some images you probably don't want popping onto your browser in the coffee shop.

- make_index is dumb about file types. It goes strictly off the dot extension, so any file with .jpg will be linked as an image, any file with a .md extentson will be linked as a markdown file, and any file with an extension it doesn't know will be ignored. I should probably replace this logic with proper mime typing.

## Building:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/jrstrick/Make_Index-for-Smeagol-Wiki.git
$ cd  Make_Index-for-Smeagol-Wiki
$ go build
```

## Notes

- Q : Why Go? Why not Rust? A: I'm learning Go for another project because it has a mature graphics toolkit. Rust does not. Go is fast *enough* and safe *enough* for this project.

- Q: Why do you document your code so much? A: I'm still learning Go, and in six months, when I'm trying to fix your bug report, those comments will make it possible to recover my thought process when I wrote the code.

- Q: Can you add feature X? A: Maybe. I mostly wrote this for myself. I'm always willing to listen to cool ideas though.

- Q: I'm going to fork this so I can do it right! A: Feel free. If yours is better, I'll probably switch to it. :)

Commit message:

Now with tests! Also commented out code in the link format functions that seemed to be leftovers.

Readme.md, after:

# Make Index for [Smeagol-Wiki](https://github.com/AustinWise/smeagol)

Got a nice directory tree full of markdown files you want Smeagol-Wiki to use? Want them indexed without having to do it yourself? This is the program for you.

## To Use:

```bash
$ ./make_index [root of your smeagol-wiki directory tree]
```

This will recursively dive your Smeagol-Wiki directory tree and create Index.md files in each directory.

## Features:

make_index is multithreaded, using Go's goroutines function. Depending on the size of your directory tree, this may speed things up dramatically.

make_index will refrain from clobbering user-generated Index.md files, or in fact any Index.md file which does not contain the YAML tag: AUTOGEN.

make_index understands the following filetypes:

- Markdown files, with the extention .md

- Directories

- Jpeg, Gif, and PNG files with the extensions .jpg .gif or .png

It will ignore any other files it finds.

## Idiosyncracies:

- make_index is very, very chatty. It's also multithreaded, so the log output may make no sense at all.

- make_index will choke on any filename with spaces in it. I've found the Linux command "detox" prior to running make_index solves this in a suitably automatic fashion.

- make_index will ignore any directory whose name is not capitalized. This is so your wiki can have other stuff, like a code directory, without having that directory indexed.

- make_index will ignore any file type it does not explicitly understand. This means you can have things like smeagol.toml where it needs to be and not have it in an index.

- When make_index indexes your image directory, it will put an anchor link rather than an image link to any image that begins with nsfw_ . There are some images you probably don't want popping onto your browser in the coffee shop.

- make_index is dumb about file types. It goes strictly off the dot extension, so any file with .jpg will be linked as an image, any file with a .md extentson will be linked as a markdown file, and any file with an extension it doesn't know will be ignored. I should probably replace this logic with proper mime typing.

## Building:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/jrstrick/Make_Index-for-Smeagol-Wiki.git
$ cd  Make_Index-for-Smeagol-Wiki
$ go build
```

## Notes

- Q : Why Go? Why not Rust? A: I'm learning Go for another project because it has a mature graphics toolkit. Rust does not. Go is fast *enough* and safe *enough* for this project.

- Q: Why do you document your code so much? A: I'm still learning Go, and in six months, when I'm trying to fix your bug report, those comments will make it possible to recover my thought process when I wrote the code.

- Q: Can you add feature X? A: Maybe. I mostly wrote this for myself. I'm always willing to listen to cool ideas though.

- Q: I'm going to fork this so I can do it right! A: Feel free. If yours is better, I'll probably switch to it. :)
